c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.exe
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.deps.json
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.dll
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.pdb
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle g.0BD9E96D.Up2Date
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.dll
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\puzzle game.dll
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.pdb
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\puzzle game.dll
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\bin\Debug\net6.0\Content\.sprites\spritesheet.xnb
c:\Users\ilan7\OneDrive\Plocha\projects\puzzle game\obj\Debug\net6.0\puzzle game.sourcelink.json
